Software systems ----> DESIGN
1. UI DESIGN
2. DATABASE DESIGN
we will be discussing the structure in the code
system two parts business logic and code structure
code structure abstract --- business logic tangible
analysis --- requirements >>> DESIGN
se 421 we consider  the requiremets to be ture and will not question them
For assigment 2 consider that more classes might be detremental
don't put business logic in the main  function
SE421 abstract concepts are like art


Lecture 16/2 michael chp1
    software design
     a software model is a representation of a software .
     a software structure defines how the system should be arranged
     to develop the ability to differentiate between business logic and software structure compare the first two labs
    View the code in structure rather than fuction
    eyes of the lord
    lab1 -------------------------- lab2
    lab 1 +++
    1. code simplicity
    2. maintainability
    3. faster
    lab 1 ---
    1. Bad for complex problems
    2. repitition
    lab 2++
    code structure isn't restricted to the laws of physics
    dynamic structure
    static structure

    
    lab 2 ---
    1. increased complexity
    2. slower ?


    testability
    maintainability
    acceptabile performance
    security
    availability
    portability

    we have other methods to represent software structure this allows the structuring to occur before the implementation in the design phase

    in agile we have a flexible begining design that continuously changes based on the requirements

    The statement:
    software design is never finished in agile
    because the requirements are always changing
    you can never have a perfect design thatsssss 


    lecture 19th 

    rules and contstraints
    from se complexity is another thing to consider
    [john chapter 1]
    The greatest limitation from se perspective when it comes to developing software systems is our ability to understand what we are creating.

    Code complexity refers to the complexity of the structure and design

    complexity in the code is anything related to the structure that makes the code harder to understand or modify.

    3 signs for complexity
    1. change implication
    2. cognative load
    3. unknown unknowns (chaotic)

    reduce code complexity:
    1. Balanced software structure
    2. abstractions (isolating system)
    Keep track of : complexity of the system is the sum of the complexity of the subsystems and their relationships.
   
    lecutre february 23rd
        Tightly coupled structures vs loosely coupled structures
    
    
    lecutre feb 25th
    design patterns
     Get-set design patterns
    final keyword makes a variable read only
    get and set is horrific for multithreading
     for final it should be something that is impossible to change
     get and set is more testable
    final keyboard for method means that it is not inheritable
    

    lecuture 2nd of march
    michael [chapter 2&3]
    improving design skills
    


    ood
    1- a class represents a set of objects
    2- an object must have a set of responsibilities that are logically group (it can hold data, or do something)
    3- an object can interact with other objects
    crc cards
    create crc
    derive uml class diagram
    lab1 support star * ary operator


   Lecture march 7th,
   polymorphism
   paul chapter 10,
   implements is big empty arrow
   add label for used by
   interfaces up and classes down
    chain of responsibilities design patterns
    sequence diagram

    lab 6
    undo functionality
    immutable objects


    march 28
    event driven programming
    interface comparable java
    equals design pattern java
    objects and . dot operator
    graph theory
    algorithms
    mathmatics for AI
    probability
    